Figments Club is bringing incomparable digital collectibles that exist only in our imagination.

Who We Are?
We are a dynamic experienced team of NFT artists, developers, marketers, and blockchain experts. We are ambitious and have no limits or end goals. We constantly innovate, we create digital collectibles that exist only in our imagination which gives real meaning to the name “Figments”. The strength of our work lies in our reliable production process and dedicated and professional team. In short, from imagination, and planning to execution, our work will always stand out.

Stylized Figment — Stylish Gentlemen Avatar
Stylized Figment is the genesis NFT collection of Figments Club. The Figments Club team started to deliver cryptographic assets based on blockchain technology. The Figments Club develops NFTs and digital collectibles that exist only in our imagination which gives real meaning to the name Figments, as well as the Figments Club team, specializes in the fields of cryptocurrency.

Stylized Figment is an NFT collection of 5200 Stylized gentleman characters that feature profile pictures of high-quality 1965p x 2160p Dimensions 3D human figments with unique traits of PNG pictures built on Ethereum Blockchain that are procedurally generated by an algorithm and designed by our graphic designers.

Owners of Stylized Figment NFTs and $FIGMA tokens are considered members of the Figments Club and gain access to exclusive utilities and perks such as future NFTs airdrops, staking rewards, members-only future events and will be able to participate in the governance of the community wallet via a Decentralized Autonomous Organization (DAO), where they can exercise voting rights on key decisions and much more future benefits such as VIP access and Play-To-Earn rewards from the metaverse called Figments, we consider to build in the future. ($FIGMA is our Primary token of Figments Club and will be used as the governance token. Secondary reward token will be used as play-to-earn and metavers rewards in the future).

Stylized Figment NFT is not just any PNG NFT project. Our vision is to push the technology boundary of decentralized blockchain and NFT by building a Metaverse called Figments, in which owners of Stylized Figments NFT Avatars can interact with one another in a Virtual Reality world, transact with $FIGMA Tokens as a currency, get rewarded through Metaverse utilities for contributing to the Metaverse by holding Stylized Figment NFTs. The possibilities are endless in the Figments Metaverse. Each Stylized Figment NFT is a key allowing the holders to enter the Metaverse we are building.

Figments Club team together found the most affecting reward system as fuel to boost the values of all project`s products and the community at the same time and our strong royal community will be benefited from our own FigmentsClub Boost Reward System (FBR) continuously ahead. All details about our new rewarding system will be introduced later in this whitepaper in detail.

The core concept of the Figments Club team is to make NFTs and digital collectibles accessible to everyone. We want to merge the future of technology, and artwork, into one idea. We are aiming to build a strong community with some knowledge about the space who are willing to support the project from day one, without tedious grinding or invitation competitions, all following the same ideal that generates value for the project’s holders. A major pillar of the project is the artwork. The idea to bring fresh ideas into the NFT space drove us to do extensive research and implementation to create what you are seeing today. As a pioneering project in the NFT space, you’ll sometimes find barriers and the Figments Club team has enough audacity to break those barriers.

Stylized Figment NFT

Stylized Figment NFT is the genesis NFT collection of Figments Club and it’s a deflationary NFT collection. The trading taxes of Stylized Figment NFT are a primary key player in funding the prize pool of our most effective reward system called FigmentsClub Boost Reward(FBR).

Other key features are to use as the key to participate in holders-only events and to enter the Figments Metaverse & Play-To-Earn Games we would build in the future and the Stylized Figment NFT also has a governance token function that the owner can also hold or participate in staking to have the right to vote on important decisions in Figments Club and be rewarded with our reward token and NFTs which will launch in the future.

In order to prevent the Stylized Figment NFT being devaluation and to raise the price of the Stylized Figment NFT over time, we use the most effective marketing strategy in the business which is social media marketing via the FBR system and a 10% of the Creator Fee will be allocated to buy back the most common Stylized Figment NFTs from the market and burn monthly to make common Stylized Figment NFTs rarer to have an effective demand for the Stylized Figment NFT.

Collection Artwork & Traits
To diversify the Stylized Figment genesis collection and make each piece of intricate artwork stylish and attractive, this set of 5200 NFTs contains a variety of different traits. In total, 330 hand-designed 3D traits are contained within this collection. Our designer has spent months creating each trait, and each trait went through a rigorous selection process by our team to ultimately make the final collection.

Utilities & Perks
FBR system rewards
60 SF NFTs will be airdropped for ten months for six traders with 1 NFT per each according to their buying & selling counts
NFT burning (A 10% of the Creator Fee will be allocated to buy back the most common SF NFTs from the market and burn monthly to make common SF NFTs rarer)
Airdrops from Figments Club’s Future NFT Collections
Rewards from holders-only events
Can use as a profile picture
DAO Rewards
Rewards from the staking platform of SF NFT
The key to entering the Figments Metaverse & Play-To-Earn Games we would build in the future
Figment(FIGMA) Token
The role of money is not deniable in building a real digital economy. Figments Club decided to introduce its native deflationary utility token Figment ($FIGMA) while we have reserved 5% of the max supply for ecosystem development with a Cliff and Token vesting.

One of our dominant concerns in using $FIGMA Token is to fund the project’s product development as future NFT collection creation, Play-to-Earn games, and Figments metaverse development in the future. Apart from that, trading taxes of $FIGMA Token are a primary key player in funding the prize pool of our most effective reward system called FigmentsClub Boost Reward(FBR).

Other key features are to use as the primary payment currency on Figments Metaverse and the $FIGMA Token also has a governance token function that the owner can also hold or participate in staking to have the right to vote on important decisions in Figments Club and be rewarded with our reward token and NFTs which will launch in the future.

In order to prevent the $FIGMA Token being devaluation and to raise the price of the $FIGMA Token over time, we use the most effective marketing strategy in the business which is social media marketing via the FBR system and the 100% of $FIGMA Token trading taxes will be burnt every month to have an effective demand for the $FIGMA Token.

Utilities & Perks
FBR system rewards
Token burning(Every token from taxes will be burnet monthly)
Airdrops from Figments Club’s Future NFT Collections
DAO rewards
Rewards from the staking platform of $FIGMA token
Use as the primary payment currency on Figments Metaverse
FigmentsClub Boost Reward (FBR) system
The investor consistently invests in existing or new projects for a hike of their initial investment in return by believing in the idea of the project and utilities. We also strongly believe that as the project party, we should add value to the hard-earned funds of the investor by managing them carefully and smartly while effectively giving the investor a strong return.

Most blockchain projects nowadays have one or more utilities and perks to reward investors more than what they funded for the projects to run. Some of them are Staking Rewards, Play-To-Earn games, Metaverse Activities, Yield Farming, Liquidity Mining Rewards, Airdrops, Bounty Programs, etc.

As of our knowledge, free tokens from these reward systems slowly destroy the actual value of their native token, and investors suffer from the devaluation of their initial investment even though these reward systems give passive incomes to their investors.

On the other hand, these reward systems are the best in the business when it comes to utilities and perks as long as the project is well prepared for making their coin or token strong in trading volume by listing in tie 1 Crypto exchangers and building a very strong community with the best product in the business what makes people think that the project will have a very good value in longer terms.

No doubt that there are plenty of projects in the game with very strong use cases while already on high-volume exchangers who implement those reward systems very well. Those projects are financially very strong and have a good vision and a product to add value to the business in an effective way.

As a newly built NFT project with a utility Token, We decided not to implement any of those reward systems early stage of the project to defend the native token $FIGMA being devaluation by free tokens to protect our early investors. Hence we came up with our own most effective but very simple to implement and understand reward system called FigmentsClub Boost Reward (FBR) system .

FigmentsClub Boost Reward (FBR) system will be implemented by sacrificing creator fees from our native NFTs and trading taxes of our native token $FIGMA to reward our community who hold an NFT and an NFT value worth of $FIGMA token.

By implementing the FBR system, our main objective is to build the wealthiest and strongest community ever built in the NFT space. The existing members and newcomers will provide mighty trading volume to both $FIGMA and NFT markets constantly by participating in the FBR system because the FBR system will generate a massive prize pool over time when the trading volume goes up on both markets.

When we feel that our $FIGMA token trading volume is strong enough to distribute free tokens to our loyal holders of both FIGMA and NFTs, we will build the Staking System, Play-To-Earn Games, Figments Metaverse, and more in the future based on the DAO Voting Mechanism.

How It Works ?
FBR System will be implemented by sacrificing 60% of the 7.5% creator fee of the Stylized Figment NFT trading volume from OpenSea and other markets, and 6% buy and sell trading taxes from our native token $FIGMA as the fuel for the FBR System.

There must be continuous trading volume for both Stylized Figment NFT and $FIGMA token market for the FBR System to be funded to reward the winners of the competitions. So as smart community members, you would spot that there must be a marketing strategy to be in action to gain that continuous trading volume to both Stylized Figment NFT and $FIGMA token markets.

That’s where the FBR system must be packed with all the necessary components. The FBR system has been interconnected with these components of funding and marketing.

FBR system has one of the most effective marketing methods in the crypto and NFT industry is social media marketing which is done by FBS system’s competition participants while participating in the competition. Simply $FIGMA and NFT holders will participate by sharing the marketing post we provide as a competition’s rule on social media to be qualified for the competitions.

Effectiveness
Once the $FIGMA token and Stylized figment NFT are ready for the public to trade after sales end. There will be so much volume in both markets in hours, meaning thousands of dollars for the FBR system`s first competition. We are initially implementing the FBR system for only 200 winners from 5200 Stylized figment NFT and $FIGMA holders.

Let’s assume that our first competition has a $30000 prize pool to be distributed among each winner. That means 30000÷200 = $150 will be rewarded for each of the 200 winners.

The interesting fact is that there will be a maximum of 5200 participants in the game according to the 5200 limited supply of Stylized figment NFTs. All these 5200 participants must share the marketing post of the competition on social media by spreading about the competition and the bullish idea behind the project.

The outcome of the FBR system’s marketing strategy will make a huge demand for $FIGMA token and stylized figment NFT over time when the prize pool of the FBR system increase in funds because of the volume generated by newcomers for both markets. Because the continued demand for both $FIGMA and NFTs will also increase their value rapidly over time.

Formulas
The FBR system is a very simple and easy-to-understand but much more effective and powerful ecosystem we built to reward the community while introducing the most effective marketing strategy in the Crypto and NFT industry to add long terms vales to the project.

Note: — Be advised that all constant values we use here in this whitepaper are for your understanding purpose only. All these values can be changed in the future.

​X — NFT creator fee from OpenSea & other markets in USD

P — The percentage of the NFT prize pool for the FBR system from the creator fee

F — The prize pool from the NFT Market for the FBR system in USD

*************** F=(X×P)÷100

Y — The prize pool from the $FIGMA token trading taxes for the FBR system in USD

W — Number of winners per competition

R — Reward per participant in USD

************** R=(F+Y)÷W

Objectives
Primary Objectives Of The FBR System
1. Generating long-term value for the project
Through the marketing implementation of the FBR system, we hope to build a very strong community that is needed for our upcoming NFT projects. Also, with our strong community, we hope to strengthen the project financially and benefit the community by creating more utilities in the long run.

2. Strengthening the $FIGMA toke and Stylize Figment NFT
By implementing FBR’s marketing system, creating unlimited demand, and strengthening the FIGMA token and Stylized Figment NFT by volume and increasing their value.

3. Providing good returns to investors
By implementing the marketing strategy of the FBR system, generating volume regularly, and increasing the funds of the prize pool, providing interesting returns to the investors.

4. Generating long-term returns for the Figments club
Even though we sacrifice our revenue at the beginning as a team to implement the FBR system to strengthen the project and the community. Figments Club is a long-term project, and we strongly believe that we will be able to benefit from it in the long run.

Disclaimer
The present article is dedicated to marketing purposes only, meaning it is not intended to be legally binding and is delivered “as is”. Nothing in this article shall be deemed to constitute a prospectus of any sort, or an invitation, or a solicitation for investment, nor does it in any way pertain to an offering, invitation, or solicitation of an offer to purchase any security, ownership right, stake, share, future revenue, company participation, or other equivalent rights in any jurisdiction. Information in this article also does not constitute a recommendation by any person to purchase tokens, NFTs, currencies, or any other cryptographic assets; neither the Issuer has authorized any person to provide any recommendations of such kind.

Forward-Looking Statements
Observations contained in this article may constitute forward-looking statements or speak of future events or plans. Such forward-looking statements or information involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which may cause occurring events to be different. Errors, inaccuracies, or omissions may also occur in any such statements or information. Accordingly, no reliance should be placed on any such forward-looking statements or information, and all Issuer liabilities are disclaimed.

written by the “Founder” Yuran Sadeewa.

Follow us on:
Website : https://www.figmentsclub.com

Discord : https://discord.com/invite/h3NgVzkRv4

Twitter : https://twitter.com/FigmentsClub

Telegram Chat : https://t.me/FigmentsClub

Telegram ANN : https://t.me/FigmentsClubANN

Facebook : https://www.facebook.com/FigmentsClubNFTs

Instagram : https://www.instagram.com/figmentsclubnfts

Youtube : https://www.youtube.com/@figmentsClubNFTs

Whitepaper : https://figmentsclub.gitbook.io/whitepaper

Email : support@figmentsclub.com, marketing@figmentsclub.com
